generate a synopsis:

Summary for Yourself Mysterion Rises Over Logging Le Petit Tourette An Elephant Makes Love

Mr. Adler, the dangers of getting them and the dangers of Mexico, who has been teasing him from Cartman. Stan Marsh and ignore him, Kenny tries to be evil. Also "Cartman" grows a prank, but no shame in South Park feel they have found their own hands and tired of Cartman's Cupid counterpart tries to make easy money, the townspeople decide to go trick Tweek Tweak has an embarrassing intimate moment in the ultimate sacrifice to fight back.Chef's passionate protest their costumes, at school with one thing could suddenly a circus, and unconscious bias. It is moved to toilet seat up, the American people in school paper. His target is gone. When the time and wreaks havoc on skull island of confessing his friends and deciding that she threatens to build a Thanksgiving special on the campaign rally.

say something like butters

Uh oh. Eric, I'm happy thoouughts! HUT! Oh it's pretty girl! Why can't see them? Oh geez, are you hear me?! What do you ever wants to go and us all right, bitch. Oh, thanks. You know we were coming!

What's a delusion brought on the power of Professor Chaos, and zombies on a live his jokes aren't meant for all messin' with me, I s'psoe Uh, but phonies!

say something like tweek

Oh, Jesus, uh, we have before. I do?! Mine too! Aaaa! I'm in me out of my parents find out! I just... I do?? Well? Nrr. What if they might - you try and I mean, rrrr. Rrrr! I'm not a lucky guy. What?

say something like cartman

Welcome everyone! The Mayans predicted this! Come on! Yeah. Shyeah, that even if you can't just play with poop. What? What'd I do. Yeah, dude, laaame.

Ma'am, the Chinese! Trust me: they're rich, greedy-ass Indians! That's more pure Caucasian dialect. There's gotta go home to do first? Butters, I know that are gonna be a minute. Lucky for full of the other kid. No, we don't give him out of you.

say something like bebe

Stop it all day. I want to Hawaii would you tell anyone this? Why not? Britney Spears got these things run my life. Please, you understand? Water, Helen, Water. Helen, Helen. It puts the best school spirit. Huh, Mandy?

Stupid Spoiled Whore clothes, Stupid Spoiled Whore party. You're invited. Party at everyone's heads. Wow. Wendy and Kyle sittin' in last week.

say something like satan

Enough, Beelzeboot! Thy end has been this party, so we will and I'm just a pussy, Chris, I know the whole area can all over. Halloween is falling, and hook up.

Forget it! Did Diddy had one. Yes it comes. Acura?? But I told you. Saddam, I'm sorry. Chris! But you who make my deal, I love you can stop fighting now!

say something like god

And now you're not being a headstrong rebel. And if you're a whiny little bitch. No, you've become dependent on relationships. So you wish to you? You want to you?

say something like jesus

Good. Want some help! Super Best Friends power of bread and it's still Muhammad and bombs to have you still Muhammad is the prayer of a place called Hell? It's gettin' to school.

say something like towelie

Well, I'm not gettin' me get high? You think you're a ...Towelie ban?... Alright, see ya. Man, I feel like I'm gonna get high, I need to do this?

Stupid... handicapped... camp. That's my God! No-o-o-o! What are so you don't know what you evil towel! Yeah! Awww. Aw man, I really good idea... Yep! And crystal meth. ...aaand crack. Hey wait a really just an extra-special tow- person. Really? Wow.

say something like terrance

?!! But you built an episode that was wrong. Crap. It's the time! Because you've reduced Canada Channel to smut and we didn't come for a rat, buddih! He's not your buddih, friend! Yeah, let's give it up, guy. Well I'm Terrance!

say something like ike

Weee! Weee... Kyle. No-oo. I told you be a ghost. But Daddy I feel like... I'm totally tripping balls. Ice cream. I feel, like me. Shamohn! Hee hee hee. A dainty little kids. She's a ghost. But if I want chocolate. Kyyyle!

say something like chef

Wellll, if you for over now. Just try to Colorado. Your parents turned racist, when I shall perservere. Children, what it about why all of my ass!

